docs:added full month's name of MMM Abbreviation (#42)
opensource-nepal/node-nepali-datetime: README.md

Any other character is printed as is. If you need to print the
special characters (YMDymd), enclose them within quotes.

#### List of Full name of month of MMM(Abbreviated month name )
Below is the mapping of value of MMM, Abbreviation and name of full Month

| Value of MMM | Abbreviation                  | Full Month Name |
| ------------ | ----------------------------- | --------        |
| 0            | Bai                           | Baishakh        |
| 1            | Jes                           | Jestha          |
| 2            | Asa                           | Aashadha        |
| 3            | Shr                           | Shrawan         |
| 4            | Bhd                           | Bhadra          |
| 5            | Asw                           | Ashwin          |
| 6            | Kar                           | Kartik          |
| 7            | Man                           | Mangsir         |
| 8            | Pou                           | Poush           |
| 9            | Mag                           | Magh            |
| 10           | Fal                           | Falgun          |

> | 11           | Cha                           |  Chaitra        |

Reviewer: `Chaitra` is 1 space off to the right

Reviewer: @aj3sh  's suggestion should cover this

> #### List of Full name of month of MMM(Abbreviated month name )
> Below is the mapping of value of MMM, Abbreviation and name of full Month
> 
> | Value of MMM | Abbreviation                  | Full Month Name |
> | ------------ | ----------------------------- | --------        |
> | 0            | Bai                           | Baishakh        |
> | 1            | Jes                           | Jestha          |
> | 2            | Asa                           | Aashadha        |
> | 3            | Shr                           | Shrawan         |
> | 4            | Bhd                           | Bhadra          |
> | 5            | Asw                           | Ashwin          |
> | 6            | Kar                           | Kartik          |
> | 7            | Man                           | Mangsir         |
> | 8            | Pou                           | Poush           |
> | 9            | Mag                           | Magh            |
> | 10           | Fal                           | Falgun          |
> | 11           | Cha                           |  Chaitra        |
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: Let's not create a new heading for this table. I suggest it be part of **Formatting**. Here is my suggestion below. Also, some of the month names didn't match our project's months.

```suggestion
For the list of month names and their abbreviations, you can refer to the table below.

| Value of Month | Abbreviation | Full Name |
| -------------- | ------------ | --------- |
| 0              | Bai          | Baishakh  |
| 1              | Jes          | Jestha    |
| 2              | Asa          | Asar      |
| 3              | Shr          | Shrawan   |
| 4              | Bhd          | Bhadra    |
| 5              | Asw          | Aswin     |
| 6              | Kar          | Kartik    |
| 7              | Man          | Mangsir   |
| 8              | Pou          | Poush     |
| 9              | Mag          | Magh      |
| 10             | Fal          | Falgun    |
| 11             | Cha          | Chaitra   |

```
